As with the last lets first view what we're actually going to build in this model so that you also have
a chance of starting to build this or at least starting to build the first page first element you will
need before we will then dive into this together.
This is the little application I'm planning to build a little recipe book shopping list application.
If you've taken my angler to coaster's might look familiar though it's not exactly the same.
So what we have here we do have a shopping list page.
And the recipes page right now I don't have any recipes so let's add one.
We do this by clicking on the plus.
And then we get our input field here where we can simply add a new recipe.
For example we can add the spaghetti recipe your just spaghetti because spaghetti are just a delicious
and well-done we simply cooked until girds And here we would write our little description on how to
create that delicious meal here and then we can all choose a difficulty.
This is a simple dropdown and you could say well that's pretty easy so let's Witchetty easy.
And of course we also need some ingredients right.
That's why I have to is managing Rhydian button here and there we can simply add a new ingredient.
For example we definitely need spaghetti.
Can atom.
And with that added we can ever change it year.
If we had some type of year or something we want to change or we can remove all ingredients from the
recipe and also noticed these little toasts we're getting at the bottom.
For now I'll simply Riette this and with that I can now click on new recipes to create as you can see
it now appears here in my recipes page or on my recipes page.
Now with that I can also go on that recipe you add in detail all the edit the recipe for one to make
any changes or simply add the ingredients to my shopping list.
If I then go to the shopping list you now see we have spaghetti there on the list and we can move hectors
or click on it to remove it and we can also add items here manually.
Like for example milk let's boil 10 more items.
That is the little application we're building here.
And the main focus of this app of course our Fordham's it is also nice practice when it comes to using
the components and working with pagers.
We also do have this tap's navigation again but you'd certainly notice that we get a lot of forums here
for the recipe with a normal input field a text input field a dropdown then this action shiftier a dialogue
where we can say enter something and then also this dynamically added form array here.
This is the input field here.
At the end right.
And then also the shopping list which contains a form.
Forms are of course something angle or two supports really well.
And now we're going to see how they are implemented into ironic too.
In our example application here